the GPR superlite is one of the best
gaming mice ever and it comes from
Logitech one of the most trusted names
in computer peripherals which got us
thinking what if you bought everything
from Logitech it might look a little
something like this so we're going to
find out where brand loyalty gets you to
the ultimate gaming setup or to a pile
of overpriced trendy plastic starting
with their g715 wireless gaming keyboard
it's got the works Wireless connectivity
via Bluetooth or with their included 2.4
GHz dongle that docks in the back your
choice of Logitech which apparently
means long haa clicky linear or tactile
switches full RGB backlighting and macro
Keys which if you press them they can do
anything like Segway to our sponsor the
ridge upgrade your everyday carry with
the ridge wallet it's RFID blocking
technology protects your cars from
digital theft while it's durable
materials ensure it lasts for years to
come click on the link below and use
code Linus to save 10% off your purchase
and get free shipping one other cool
thing I didn't notice before the sponsor
break was that you can customize it with
these interchangeable face plates love
to see it now let's make some room on
this desk and check out their mous pad
really we're going to take an LTT desk
pad off the desk to replace it with fine
fine let's do
it wow what' you drop
nothing see you later quality LT
merchandise say hello
to Logitech
merchandise it's a great color how much
is this thing it's more expensive than
ours it's $40 huh this is expensive
metallic ink probably natural rubber
backing material though it's not going
anywhere all they're really missing is
the stitched Edge you can't deny our
setup so far looks good I forgot to
mention the included Cloud wrist rest
but man is this expensive we spent
$240 so far and that does not include
the Monitor and they aren't about to get
cheaper the Logitech power play is a
mous pad SL wireless charging system
that costs
$120 though in spite of that I am a huge
fan of this thing this is what Apple Air
power wishes it could have grown up to
be you plug in this little module at the
top it comes with either a cloth surface
or a hard surface or you can just EO and
stick it under your existing desk pad or
as we've done in the past embed the
flipping thing in your desk then you
take this little puck install it in your
recent Logitech mouse and your mouse
just continuously charges while you're
gaming never charge never plug in again
I flip and love these things of course
we're going to need a mouse to put it in
and we're going to need so many dongles
one fewer than you think the power play
actually has a receiver in it oh so I
will not need that dongle cool except I
will oh to get the mouse working at all
and then I'll pair it to the power play
later oh little Logitech Pro super light
two I haven't actually tried this one
yet wait this can you tell much of A's
the two that is the two that's the two
it just says Pro super L they didn't
even bother redoing the mold no they did
redo the mold it now goes in the other
direction but they didn't put a two on
it yeah I don't know it says on the Box
in all seriousness though there are
improvements over the original it now
goes to 32,000 DPI and is just 60 G
instead of 63 a savings that will almost
certainly be negated by the extra weight
of the charging puck but somehow they
still increase the battery life to 90
hours wow yeah about a 33% increase
that's great cuz I'm going to spend 33%
of my time looking for this mouse on
this mouse pad how will I find it is a
strange fate that we should pay so dear
a price for something so small and light
$160 which puts our total so far up to
wow we haven't even turned on the
computer yet we don't have a computer
yet oh that okay
sure I mean let's clarify Logitech
doesn't make computers yeah Logitech
doesn't make computers so that's not
their fault what they do make is chairs
which I don't have yet but I do have
this headset this is the pro X2 light
speed is this chair in the shot
is edit or blur that edit or blur the
chair there's a lot to like here though
they use their graphine technology 50 mm
drivers they have a steel headband and
they have aluminum where's the aluminum
somewhere I have one of the older ones
and I do like the on ear cup controls
you've got a power button a volume wheel
with a little block so you don't
accidentally hit it too often mic mute
USBC for charging and a Bluetooth
pairing button in case you want to
switch over to Bluetooth from the
default dongle mode which oh that's cool
has a 3 and2 mm Jack on it mine's black
so it's possible it has it and I never
noticed I actually don't know the boom
mic is detachable and replaceable they
have upgraded ones and the Blue Audio
One actually sounds quite nice this is
an audio test on the pro X2 light speed
oh and in addition to the leatherette
ear cups they include these fabric ones
that they call Valour but I think that's
being very generous about as generous as
you'll be being to Logitech when you buy
these because they cost I believe
$250 correct yeah yeah they do maybe you
could give me something more affordable
here for the people
oh mic covers for
gaming in case that one you have on is
too boring is this a real product yeah
it's $9.99 us I mean it's the right
price I mean I also wash dishes with
this type of fabric there you go oh that
looks way better I just spent $10 on a
piece of purple foam well no you got all
the colors but what if you don't want to
listen to headphones oh did you just put
that on the keyboard it's fine I put it
gently on the keyboard sheesh Logitech
used to be the king when it came to PC
speaker setups after Clips pulled out of
the market and so did creative nowadays
now that there's no
competition yeah this feels noticeably
less robust than their older stuff but
it's something what the heck is this
look at this oh good proprietary
interfaces wait a second the left and
the right are different are you kidding
me logic Tech don't do that just use
speaker wire guys that way I can sub it
out with any length I want where am I
going to find a this extension oh yeah
and the controls are all on the right
speaker it's got your power button a
headphone out bluetooth pairing as well
as volume up and down and then a mystery
button G oh that's probably for the RGB
makes you a g gamer activating gamer
lights wow woo that explains the custom
cable totally justified yeah there's no
there's no port in the world that can
send both an audio and RGB signal at all
it's it's impossible I mean there's this
one oh yeah Logitech finally made that's
why these are so expensive what are they
worth well about $200 twoos cheaper than
your headset we're at almost $1,000 yeah
and we're not even started of course
most people don't want to be tied to
their desk for audio and that's where
the ultimate ears hyper boom comes in
Logitech acquired these guys a number of
years back and this is their Flagship
Bluetooth speaker which is rated at plus
plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus
plus sound intensity and a range of 45 M
with ipx4 water resistance wow and if
one isn't enough you can pair two of
them to the same device and play the
audio through both of them they call it
party mode I think that has a name
already it's called stereo no party mode
[Music]
baby is that max
volume what did you do I'm pressing
volume up and it's doing this oh it's
you're at max
volume you know what if you want loud
speakers they get pretty loud but for 4
$150 each
yeah that's tough do we have anything
really cool to Pivot to yes these Meo
cameras are absolutely stunning they're
crazy what they are is they're a bunch
of wireless cameras yeah that can stream
independently to a single source so you
can have multi- Cam streams they're all
battery powered oh super cool yeah 1080p
30 FPS USBC charging and uh we have the
iPad and stuff Colin was showing me
these to me yesterday and I was
absolutely Blown Away by them wow that's
pretty cool boop boop yeah you don't
want to point them into the light though
boop boop boop boop boop boop boop and
the third one is uh the battery and the
lights on the front will show you who's
recording light super cool so when
you're doing a multicam stream or
something you'll be able to like know
that you've switched camera angles yeah
so my twitch stream could be called the
red light
district yeah there are some caveats
while they do have native support for
OBS it supports only One camera so if
you want to do the whole switching thing
you have to use the iPad app and they're
well they're $1,000 next up before we
move on oh those cameras can actually
run off of these devices as well
ethernet power adapter okay this kind of
makes sense if you have a Poe network
switch then you can just uh use the USB
port here to power your camera yeah then
you don't need to run off Wi-Fi yeah
yeah they're 200 US
each huh can can you use another USBC
dongle and just do pass through Power
and ethernet that way if you don't need
Poe I don't know I didn't test that but
this was what was on the device as an
essential kit for these cameras they are
a kind of unique product USBC to the
camera right that's straightforward
enough then it can take a Poe power
input also handle networking over this
Jack or take a non Poe input and then
also plug in a USBC power source to
power the camera I don't see any reason
why you couldn't use a regular dongle
for this though I think we should try it
right now I will go find a dongle I have
one in my background I have one oh
perfect okay let's see who can get their
dongle first the alliance is already
there it is immediately charging so
that's good why is this on here what is
this whose iPad is this this is my
personal iPad no thank you it's uh
there's stream overlays oh I see well
that's very useful well that's a weird
spot for you to come out
of unfortunately there's no obvious way
to disconnect from Wi-Fi once you're
connected so we're not sure what we're
on but the good news is there's a help
article we found that talks all about
using ethernet only adapters or ethernet
adapters with USB power delivery so it
seems like it's supported but there are
some caveats let's talk about these mics
I call them the microphone and the co
ball cuz they acquired blue rest in
peace blue you du D Duba died this is an
audio test on the yeti orb this is an
audio test on the yeti GX I'm kind of
feeling the orb I like this nice little
trip stand and it kind of sits exactly
where I need it that's good it's $90
cheaper than this one this one is 60 and
this one is150 but before you make a
decision could I interest you in third
microphone oh this feels very expensive
this body is either cast or machined
aluminum XLR input base cut and presents
this is an audio test on the blue SAA wa
look at this thing
this has got to be at least
$300 bang on baby 300 us yeah
nice then you need an arm for it and an
XLR interface better sound really good
hey an arm it's coming out of a not
normal arm place
but good
job we're going to go with the Sona but
in an unfortunate turn of events
Logitech has no XLR interface
fortunately they we have this accessory
for the Sona which shows you how I feel
about that built-in Cable Management
jobbies this is kind of nice it retails
for 100 US normally I've seen it as low
as 40 US when Best Buy is just trying to
clear them out that's something to note
about all of this stuff by the way is
Logitech is one of those Brands where
there's the MSRP and then there's the P
you
pay what the P the price you pay price
you pay oh gosh okay this is really
coming together what's our total Eli our
total is actually 3,8 60 us right now
wait is that with all the microphones no
that is just with our select microphone
right now we did double up with like
$900 of speaker though right plus this
as well so like $1,100 of speaker I
would say they're not really $1,100
worth of speaker but that's how much the
MSRP is uh apparently Logitech actually
makes a lot of different key lights they
have three different ones on their store
with the smallest one here all USB
powered it's actually got all the
buttons on the back including the power
the brightness and the temperature of
the light and it just has a little
monitor mount turn it on Boom we got
another key light that's the same thing
but uh wide it's a wide boy all righty
Logitech ah Logitech racing
s ow oh that's like solid metal right on
my toe yeah it's cool this thing's like
a stow and go racing Sim so if you hit
these uh these little hooks
here you can just fold her up and then
put her away for convenient store
oh that's really cool actually High wife
approval Factor this arm here where the
wheel sits on you can actually just have
this little lock here so you can get in
and out yo yeah that's pretty
neat there you
go honestly I think it's pretty
comfortable I would hope so it's 300 us
it's kind of expensive B really I think
that's expensive for like Fabric and
some steel tubes yeah but it's also
specially shaped steel tubes I guess it
seems reasonable in the grand scheme of
sim raising stuff especially if you look
at how much the other stuff costs that's
true wheel that's really big that box is
huge oh God and then here are the foot
pedals how are the foot pedals lighter
than the uh you think the foot pedals
would be a little bit heavier cuz you
want to have a weight on them well this
is going to have like the feedback force
motor and stuff right that's going to be
in there so you got a triple pedal setup
you got your brake you got your gas and
you got your clutch you have an
adjustable load on the brake as well as
swappable Springs if you want a little
bit more push or a little bit less for
your pedals I am loving the lighting
setup here but what did it
cost this one was 50 us this one is 100
us this one is 150 us and this is the
RGB one correct it's got an RGB backing
to it so you can you know cast it on the
wall get the Ambiance oh come
on
undecided what does that put our total
at and when are we going to take it to
the next level with the Logitech GX
Herman Miller chair uh well our current
total without the chair is go atam
you're just you're crouching there I'm
not taking it I got you no I don't want
it I got it's really expensive please
don't break it you got it you got it
yeah okay okay good Lord okay good
you're doing great that was like the
worst way do I'll come help you I'll
I'll help I got you I got you oh Jesus
here have a seat have a seat buddy thank
you so much how kind so we were at 4,800
already 4,100 you didn't let me finish
my sentence ah and this is going to add
another 2600 Canadian
dollars yeah these things are nuts does
your butt feel like an oil prince right
now honestly I prefer their thousand uh
chair their airon chairs but wow it's
pretty good they do sell a cheaper
Herman Miller chair like with with with
hitech if it's a really good chair I sit
I sit it one on my desk and that's
lovely the reviews are great yeah oh
yeah four and a half Stars uh there is
one key thing missing from our setup
here first of all how much did I spend
on this admittedly pretty upgraded wheel
since I bought my
G27 back in the day just the wheel is
1,000 us what pedals are just 350 now
mean just $ 350 you have to pay $1,000
for the wheel I mean on their own
they're 350 wow yeah it's gone up a lot
and the play seat
$300 that's pretty reasonable I think I
think it's pretty reasonable for what
you're getting I think it's insanely
overpriced I mean yeah compared to like
a you know plastic picnic chair sure but
it it's I don't know there's you sell a
million lawn chairs you sell like 20 of
these there's molding costs and stuff
you know okay yeah and this full up
nicely so you can tuck it away there are
more affordable ones to be very clear
but it doesn't seem outlandish like
this, wheel so just what you're sitting
in is, 1650 so the lights just don't
work when I'm in game it just turn off
yeah like watch I'll I'll
tab this is probably a feature that we
probably need to configure or something
and credit where credits do everything's
in their software and all easily
accessible and controllable I just don't
know why the lights turn off okay okay
oh wow wow I really feel like I'm
driving the wheel feels stronger and
smoother than the old ones I think Alex
may not have given them quite enough
credit for the upgrades that they've
made to this over the years I think
there's just that a lot of competitors
just destroy them on price like the otes
racing stuff is pretty good and much
cheaper I think feels more premium well
we've seen that pattern a lot today yeah
oh ow oh that that looks really
aggressive pretty strong very strong
compared to my old one so credit where
it's due it's better than it used to be
but the price is just $1,000 is a lot
not competitive with some of the really
cool stuff out there from smaller brands
that focus on this stuff oh good job oh
yeah and what if you don't want to sit
at your desk oh yeah the Logitech
g-cloud okay in all seriousness I
thought this thing was stupid when I
first heard about it I did a full review
it was it's great it's actually really
cool this is a totally valid alternative
to something like a PS portal because
you can use the Sony app to totally
stream your PlayStation games anywhere
where you've got Wi-Fi and you can also
stream PC games or you can just play
Android games the only thing I really
didn't like in my review of this thing
was that you have to agree to 10 cents
terms of service in order to use it
because it was done in collaboration
with them I don't know if that's the
case anymore but uh
H total damage with everything that you
have set up in front of you yes
$611 not including the computer or the
monitor or the desk
$611 it's not like anything is bad nope
it's just
expensive it's also surprisingly
cohesive that's true the software does
really work really well with games and
integration with the lights and all the
other things so you do have that going
for you easy recommend when it's on
promo gets a little tougher when it's at
full price yeah reasonable conclusion I
think that's pretty fair I think so also
$3,000 in chairs and racing Sim stuff so
and $3,000 in segue to our sponsor
rocket money you and I both know that
you're not using every streaming service
you're subscribed to yet they are still
leeching money from your bank account
rocket money wants to help they make
cancelling unwanted subscriptions easy
so there's no need to go digging around
in a bank statement to solve the mystery
of who or what is taking your money
every month one click and just like that
you can cancel all those services that
are bogging down your bank account that
means more money for your next rig
upgrade you can make that upgrade even
easier with rocket money smart savings
systems too where they deposit a set
amount of money into your savings as
often as you'd like even better they can
negotiate any bills that you might be
overpaying for on your behalf so you
don't have to spend hours on hold
listening to static that pretends to be
music so start saving today by
downloading the app for free at Rocket
money.com or by clicking our link down
below there's two more items we missed
they're toque and Camo I don't even know
what this is I don't think it would
break much wind but it is not thick
enough to be a jacket so what do they
call it a jacket okay cool yeah and how
much are these the beanie is 25 the
jacket is 50 cool if you guys enjoyed
this video and you want to see more
products that make more sense on promo
why don't you check out the all alien
wear build it's a good one it's a good
one I'm in it how do I look with this
over my headphones you look like Hey
Arnold h